book/Getting_started/Resources.md, before:

# General resources

Some more great online resources for getting started with computational analysis.

* [Data Sci Guide](https://github.com/Chris-Engelhardt/data_sci_guide/blob/master/README.md)

    A fantastic community sourced repo, including resources for R, python, SQL, git, shell and spreadsheets.

* [An Introductory Undergraduate course in Bioinformatics](https://rsh249.github.io/bioinformatics/)

    Course introducing lots of key concepts and tools for bioinformatics.

* [The Turing Way](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/welcome)

    The Turing way is an awesome open source community-driven guide to reproducible, ethical, inclusive, and collaborative data science.
    They are really friendly and encourage contribution from the community, so if you want to get some practice using Github, this is a great place to start.

## Python 

* [Rosalind](http://rosalind.info/problems/locations/)

    A problem solving platform - good to get started applying python to biological problems.

## Git

* [Learn Git Branching](https://learngitbranching.js.org/)

    A visual and interactive way to learn about Git

* [Git for collaborative documentation](https://cassgvp.github.io/github-for-collaborative-documentation/)

Commit message:

Emptying bookmarks
Twitter, and links from @EuancRNA

book/Getting_started/Resources.md, after:

# General resources

Some more great online resources for getting started with computational analysis.

* [Data Sci Guide](https://github.com/Chris-Engelhardt/data_sci_guide/blob/master/README.md)

    A fantastic community sourced repo, including resources for R, python, SQL, git, shell and spreadsheets.

* [An Introductory Undergraduate course in Bioinformatics](https://rsh249.github.io/bioinformatics/)

    Course introducing lots of key concepts and tools for bioinformatics.

* [The Turing Way](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/welcome)

    The Turing way is an awesome open source community-driven guide to reproducible, ethical, inclusive, and collaborative data science.
    They are really friendly and encourage contribution from the community, so if you want to get some practice using Github, this is a great place to start.

* [Coding Club](https://ourcodingclub.github.io/tutorials.html)

    A peer-learning community established by ecology and environmental science students and researchers from the University of Edinburgh.
    Has lots of great tutorials and courses.
## Python 

* [Rosalind](http://rosalind.info/problems/locations/)

    A problem solving platform - good to get started applying python to biological problems.

## Git

* [Learn Git Branching](https://learngitbranching.js.org/)

    A visual and interactive way to learn about Git

* [Git for collaborative documentation](https://cassgvp.github.io/github-for-collaborative-documentation/)
